LLama_2_7b Without Fine-tuning

Monica: I can't believe he said that!
Rachel: I know, but I don't want to hear it!
Monica: 
> _[sarcastically]_ Oh...so let me get this straight. You think you made out with Mr Cool? Big deal!...Oh please Rach - just give him a break!! [to herself] Oi oi oi - how much is there of her left in those clothes??
Ross and Mona arrive home from the airport looking extremely tired. Ross: How was it? Mona: It wasn't too bad, except for an hour on standby we got some sleep at least. She'd like to say thanks again for letting us stay here whilst she looks around, and now if you could just point us in the direction of our room...
Monica (still angry): And so long as they don't take off all their clothing before bedtime......I wish my brother hadn't slept with his best friend's wife. But then why didn't you stop them? Why did you make dinner when things were cooling down, or come upstairs instead of sitting down there? Just once I want everything to happen exactly as planned. Everything has gone wrong today; people getting married, the wedding dress not fitting, your job being threatened..... I had big plans for tonight. You weren't supposed to be home till tomorrow afternoon...... And don't look so happy about coming back early either. Now I feel really embarrassed because it took two phone calls to find one available seat - and it costs extra money to change flights - and you gotta do it through me 'cause only I have the credit card right.... Well I bet your flight went cheap...didn't need to book ahead because no-one else wants to go where you are going any more........What's got into you? You act like we're having sex again after years apart!
Phoebe (to Joey who is walking past in his underwear) Wow... You have man boobs....
Joey: Oh Phoebe would ya just shut up!!! Look guys we need another miracle alright this time without the singing so what kind of lucky thing happened to you since you last saw each other well Phoebe has lost twenty pounds and gained the ability to see ghosts but I'm pretty sure neither will help us find this ring ....So while i wait for the psychic lady to turn up ...... I guess we should probably use the restrooms ...I mean, I dunno, I hope they aren't trashed cause remember I have this meeting first thing Monday morning .....and also, there might be a guy here who needs to ask "the question" , you know, ummm... Will you marry me ?......
Chandler: Are these kids okay? Chander, i heard you went to college, I even talked to your old teacher, turns out both your parents were hippies. That's wild. And they've been living off the land ever since. What do they eat? Is meat allowed? Maybe we ought to send 'em over a few hamburgers. No thanks, actually those burgers we brought were way better than anything I grew up eating. Did anybody call the cops yet? The police already called twice, they wanna talk to everyone but nobody's talking anymore
Father: So your son says you used to work here, oh that must've been quite sometime ago. Monica: Uh huh, and when he said they needed someone quick, I volunteered immediately. Dad: Good girl, very good yes that'll be five dollars thank you. Monica: Mum gave me that tenner just in case I ran out of spending money while I worked in London. Dad: Did she now? Oh very clever mother, now listen, whatever happens, it stays between us okay. Don't worry, nothing nasty happened here Monica. At least, nothing we haven't heard about before. So you met the owner outside, and then what? The woman was standing by the entrance shouting abuse across three lanes of traffic. Okay let's start fresh shall we. What brings you home mummy? Oh you always told me I shouldn't lie about these sort of things. Alright fine! Because I am lying! Whenever anyone asks why I live with Ross Geller, I tell them I'm looking for a husband, but really I'm just paying rent until my fiance comes round
